Change Closure to callable (#321)
doctrine/collections: UPGRADE.md

You can find a list of major changes to public API below.

### Closure vs callable

> While 1.x branch is using `Closure` as param typehint, 2.x is using `callable`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While 1.x branch is using `Closure` as param type declaration, 2.x is using `callable`.
```

> If you want to support both branch you'll have to use `Closure|callable`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to support both branches you can use `Closure|callable` (or no type declaration at all).
```
